"PHONEY01.ZIP"

For all you tricksters out there! A small OPL application and associated 
.WVE file to make your 3a impersonate a handsfree phone.

If you know someone with a mobile phone (and possibly someone with the 
Vodafone Telenote s/w) get the better of them (for a few moments at 
least!) by running "PHONEY".

Tell people that the latest PSION has a built in digital mobile phone!

When loaded, "Phoney" prompts you for the number to dial.

It them emulates the call sequence by playing a brief snippet of 
dial-tone, the MF digits, awaiting answer tone and then a voice saying 
"Hello...". You can customise the greeting by recording your own 
.WVE file that the program will play on "answer". You could even record
an answerphone-like message and pretend to leave a message! 

Complicated scams can be set up by plugging a lead between the PSION and 
any mobile phone and pretend that the actual conversation is happening 
*via* the mobile!

This is an early release of Phoney - I may in the future upgrade the 
graphics and user interface to make it more convincing. Or even emulate 
an incoming call...

The ZIP file PHONEY01.ZIP contains:

PHONEY01.TXT  (This File)
PHONEY01.OPA  The application program
PHONEY01.HLP  Optional help file
PHONEY01.WVE  Sound file to play on answer.


Installation
------------

1. Copy the file PHONEY01.OPA to the \APP directory on any local drive 
   and install the program in the system screen as described in the user 
   manual. 

2. Copy the file PHONEY01.WVE to either a \WVE or \SND driectory on any 
   local drive. 

3. If you wish to make use of the online help system, then also copy the 
   file PHONEY01.HLP to the same \APP directory as you copied PHONEY01.OPA 
   to. (This step is optional - bear in mind that this file does not give 
   you any *real* help - it is provided merely to make the app. look more
   convincing!).

Running PHONEY
--------------

When Phoney is run for the first time it asks you to set up a few default 
values. These are stored in a file called PHONEY01.DEF in the \OPD directory.

Simulating an outgoing call
---------------------------

Select the "New Call" item from the menu (or use the PSION-C hotkey) and
type in the phone number to "call". Sit back and watch...
PHONEY will play a brief snippet of dial tone, then the MF digits of the
number you have entered. If the file PHONEY01.WVE exists then this will be
played, otherwise busy tone (engaged) will be played). At this point (when
WVE file is playing you can cancel playback by pressing any key). When the
file has finished playing the call will clear.

Customisation
-------------

When the progam "answers" the call, it plays the file PHONEY01.WVE. This 
file is supplied containing only the phrase "Hello..." but it is possible 
using the built-in RECORD application to record your own PHONEY01.WVE file 
and as long as it exists in a \WVE or \SND directory Phoney will play it. 
If you add a few seconds of trailing silence using RECORD, you could 
record an answerphone-like greeting and then pretend to leave a message. 
The possibilities for trickery are endless...

Limitations
-----------

Because the dialling tone, ringing tone and busy tones are generated using
the built-in tone generator, they appear to be quieter than the MF tones and
the .WVE file playback. This is due to the frequency response of the 3a 
speaker.
In this release, during the playing of tones, the application effectively
goes deaf to keypresses, and you have to wait for the sound to stop. I may
change this in future versions of PHONEY. (Although PSION-Esc still works 
and will break out of the app).

Uninstallation
--------------

If you wish to uninstall the program, remeber to remove all the following
files:

\APP\PHONEY01.OPA
\APP\PHONEY01.HLP (If installed)
\WVE\PHONEY01.WVE  (Or \SND\PHONEY01.WVE depending on where you put it)
\OPD\PHONEY01.DEF

Disclaimer
----------
This program is only meant as a fun gimmick and should not be used for 
deception or fraudulent purposes.

Use of this program is at your own risk. Care has been taken to make 
this program as error free as possible, but the Author can not be held 
responsible in any way for any data loss or damage howsoever caused 
resulting from the use of this program.

Credits
-------

The Help resource file was compiled using the OPL help compiler 
originally written by Jezar.
The on & off hook telephone icons were embedded in the OPA icon file and 
are extracted by the "loadpic" procedure by Andrew Baldwin.


Bug reports, ideas and suggestions to:

Chris Farrow
cxf@cix.compulink.co.uk

29/01/1996
